foreign
[Music]
it really is the perfect candidate for a
place for crypto to boom I think they're
going to be in the Forefront of this
revolution in my opinion is like the
Catalyst openers achieve this dream of
making Nigeria a better place
and then on 5th of February CBN or at
least a secular you know to banks that
they should stop supporting crypto
companies in 2020 we have these big
protest across the country called and
such
there have been a bunch of concerns
about police brutality and the actions
of the police in the Nigerian States
it's a fundamental policy issue it's a
fundamental leadership issue in our
country they lock you up and the only
thing that they expect you to do is to
pay them off what's money when you don't
have life what's money when the police
can harass you so you even using crypto
you're in danger already